Relax CODEOWNERS rule to allow PEP editors to "own" PEPs (#2252)
python/peps: pep-0001.txt

  "Informational", or "Process" as appropriate, and for the "Status:"
  field enter "Draft".  For full details, see `PEP Header Preamble`_.

* Update `.github/CODEOWNERS` [7]_ such that any co-author(s) or sponsors

>   with the commit bit on the `PEP repository`_ are listed for your new file
>   such that any future pull requests will be assigned to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with write access to the `PEP repository`_ are listed for your new file,
  such that any future pull requests will be assigned to them.
```

Add missing comma (from original). Also, I suggest using the actual term here as used in the GitHub UI, as its meaning is clearer and more obvious than old-school git jargon that not every user may be familiar with.

Reviewer 2: While we're here, maybe we should reword the sentence such that it does not say "such that" twice.

Author: Also applied to useages of "git push privileges" for consistency

> * Update `.github/CODEOWNERS` [7]_ such that any co-author(s) or sponsors
>   with write access to the `PEP repository`_ are listed for your new file.
>   This means that any future pull requests will be assigned to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update `.github/CODEOWNERS` [7]_ such that any co-author(s) or sponsors
  with write access to the `PEP repository`_ are listed for your new file.
  This ensures any future pull requests touching the file will be assigned
  to them.
```

Better wording

Author: "changing" over "touching"?

* The file name extension is correct (i.e. ``.rst``).

> * Make sure the appropriate sponsor or co-author(s) are added to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure the appropriate sponsor and co-author(s) are added to
```

Per the above text, both should be added, not one or the other as "or" might imply

Author: Here I disagree (from logic this is ∨ not ⊻) -- we don't say "either sponsor or co-author(s)", and there are many PEPs without sponsors (core dev author). "or" in this context is therefore one of P, Q, P+Q.

Reviewer: Huh...I (AmE) at least read this as an exclusive or, i.e. implying that either P, Q but not P + Q, whereas with "and" I read it as the union of the sets P and Q intersected with the set of users with write access to `python/peps` (even if set P may be empty and the result is logically equivalent to only Q). But if others read it differently and "or" reads clearer for the intended meaning, then I guess I'm the odd CAM out, heh.

* The file name extension is correct (i.e. ``.rst``).

> * Make sure the appropriate sponsor or co-author(s) are added to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure the appropriate sponsor/co-author(s) are added to
```

Implement @Rosuav 's suggestion

Author: ```diff
- * Make sure the appropriate core developer(s) is added to
-   `.github/CODEOWNERS` [7]_.
+ * Ensure that everyone listed as a sponsor or co-author of the PEP with write 
+   access to the `PEP repository`_ is added to `.github/CODEOWNERS` [7]_.
```

A larger rephrasing, but avoids a slash in prose. @Rosuav / @CAM-Gerlach ? I understand the plural agreement issue now (we could also solve it by saying sponsor(s), but I'm not sure it makes sense for there to be more than one sponsor on a PEP)

A

Reviewer 3: Seems decent. It runs on a bit, though; what about "who has write access" to clarify that clause?
